How did you spend your Lock down Days?
Skills you tried / learnt during Lock down
How do you think life will be after the corona threat is over?
Brighter side of 2020
Amchizine
What sectors were in demand during Lock down?
Role Model
Mention your favourite movie and why?
The place you visited recently
Brain drain
Book you have finished recently
Cricket being religion in India
One sports you follow, favourite sports person and why?
Are films only for entertainment?
Fresher’s Day; is it breaking the ice?
Engineering is a right platform to take-off for a bright career
Are Engineering Colleges really producing professionals?
Technical fests in Engineering Colleges
Do we really have freedom of speech?
Humans, the most advanced and powerful species on earth. Is that so?
Are we really working towards our Goals?
Is there any future to languages other than English?
Role of youth in Global warming
Examination stress on students
Is there telephone etiquette among students?
Staying in touch all the time is not a good thing.
Role of a person x  in family survival and growth
Going abroad
Reading habits are on the decline
Smoking and social awareness
Are there any peaceful ways to agitate?
Role of students in agitations
Is progress and expansion possible without threatening forests and wildlife?
New year resolutions are out of favour.
We cannot take political speeches seriously.
Web counseling a boon or bane?
Wisdom lies in applying knowledge.
Corona a boon or bane on India's path to superpower
Your opinion on banning tik-tok
Is Reliance Industry becoming a monopoly?
Cricket after corona
Will covid vaccine be shared fairly across India as well as globally?
Will computer science kill other engineering branches in India as well as globally?
Nepotism in bollywood
Has youtube become a platform for cyberbullying?
If you become the chief of a country battling covid, what actions will you take?
Kids under age 15 are coding, your opinion.
Are the Govt.'s action of NRC/CAA and Abrogation of Article 370 a right step towards development?
Why does India have a low fatality rate due to Covid than the global rate?
Is master's degree worth it?
Is North Korea a threat not just to the US but to the entire world?
What is India not learning from its frequent floods?
National Education Policy